we talk about defense and cooperation
between the United States and the Ivory Coast
the vice admiral to brad leguerre case of
actors of the military security center
and euros it's less human of the
defense of the united states of america has been
received this Wednesday by the Minister from
of the President of the Republic in charge of
defense
the resumption of cooperation limited to
autumn at the center of this meeting
the eldest his defense tank seized
the opportunity to explain the reasons
for which the staff of the
security forces and defenses
will be paid at the checkout at the end of this
month abou sanogo report
the director of the security center
military and human intelligence
the defense of the united states the admiral blood
the Greeks said to have come to mark the
will of the US authorities to
revitalize military cooperation
with the Ivory Coast
the main axis of this cooperation
will be for the moment the training of
managerial staff
audi of the US general officer who
welcomed many
challenges already dreamed by the authorities
Ivorians in the standardization of
situation in Ivory Coast in the name of
president of the republic alassane
ouattara
Paul Koffi Koffi praised the support that
united states bring to ivory coast
as part of the post-crisis recovery
professionalism being a priority
for the military authorities the
expectations in the areas of
staff training are numerous
he pursued and as training rhyme
with workforce control
for koffi koffi gave the reasons for
the pay at the checkout of all
personnel of the security forces and
defense at the end of September
by paying but not individuals his
headmaster physically present
since there was and there was
so much movement of this humility
who goes out without permission
and probably yes in one that does not
not present is not it at the call
all morning so we have the
responsibility of savoie where are also
we will pay people who exist so
all this is the lack of control
good governance management but
also of security since it is
important that the limitations to their
post
It should be noted that the mission of the admiral
bradley genk who drove him into
several african countries including ghana
takes done with the step of the coast
ivory